[Banner] Support disabling screen reader announcements when changing content. (#1699)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/Banner/README.md

- Critical and warning banners have a `role=”alert”` and are announced by assistive technologies when they appear.
- All other banners have a `role=”status”` and are read after any critical announcements.

> - All banners have a `aria-live=”polite”` and are announced by assistive technologies when their content is updated. These announcements can be disabled by using the prop `stopAnnouncements`.

Reviewer: Tiny suggested tweak:

```suggestion
- All banners have an `aria-live="polite"` attribute and are announced by assistive technologies when their content is updated. These announcements can be disabled by using the prop `stopAnnouncements`.
```
